# ``HZ24``

Listen for new token releases or events about your favorite tokens on Zora. Stay up-to-date with what happens on your favorite network.  

## Overview

The _24HZ_ project builds an iOS app and a complementary widget using SwiftUI. The app allows a user to add listeners, and capture blockchain events using these listeners that get displayed on their feed. The widget displays the latest event to hint new information for the user at a glance.

This project utilizes the Model-View pattern. The Model is managed by the Core Data stack encapsulated in ``CoreDataProvider``. The View consists of SwiftUI views that display the contents of the iOS app and widget. Some features require the use of an MVVM pattern, such as the QR code scanning feature. Here, the ``Scanner`` acts as an intermediary (ViewModel) between the model and the view. The current version of the app uses internally written code as well as third-party abstractions for networking purposes. For more details on networking code and its dependencies, see [Networking](#networking).

To get acquainted with some blockchain concepts, see the articles under the [Blockchain Essentials](#blockchain-essentials) topic.

To dive straight into the code, head to <doc:Getting-Started> and see the highlighted symbols under the [24HZ Essentials](#24hz-essentials) topic.

> Important: The official name of the project is _24HZ_. However, "HZ24" may be displayed in some contexts to adhere to Xcode's restrictions, specifically complications with naming symbols with a non-alphabet character. Therefore, 24HZ and HZ24 can be used interchangeably when referring to this project. 

### Featured

@Links(visualStyle: detailedGrid) {
    - <doc:Getting-Familiar-with-Blockchain-Events>
    - <doc:Getting-Started>
}

## Topics

### Blockchain Essentials

- <doc:What-is-Zora->
- <doc:Getting-Familiar-with-Blockchain-Events>
- <doc:Talking-With-the-Blockchain>

### 24HZ Essentials
- <doc:Getting-Started>
- ``Listener``
- ``Event``
- ``EventsProvider``

### App Entry Point

- ``Main``

### Root View

- ``ContentView``

### Tab Views

- ``ListeningTab``
- ``FeedTab``
- ``SavedTab``

### Core Data

- ``CoreDataProvider``

### Networking

- ``EventsProvider``
- ``RPCProtocol``

### Integrating UIView in SwiftUI

- ``CameraPreviewRepresentable``
